1. How long did you spend working on the problem? What did you find to be the most
difficult part??
A: I probably spent about 2~2.5 hours on the code. The problem isn't that
difficult once you inspect the covenants.csv file which I happened to do. The
covenants can be tricky if you aren't paying attention to how they are applied.

2. How would you modify your data model or code to account for an eventual
introduction of new, as-of-yet unknown types of covenants, beyond just
maximum default likelihood and state restrictions?
A: I would probably define a trimmer that can be applied on the list of
covenants to filter out ineligible ones.

3. How would you architect your solution as a production service wherein new facilities
can be introduced at arbitrary points in time. Assume these facilities become
available by the finance team emailing your team and describing the addition
with a new set of CSVs.
A: I would define a local cache layer of sorts containing a mutex lock for each
global variables that exist in this solution. The cache layer would get rid
of the global variables. A background process can make use of mutex lock to lock
the layer from reads, add the new facility and release the lock.

4. Your solution most likely simulates the streaming process by directly calling a
method in your code to process the loans inside of a for loop. What would a REST
API look like for this same service? Stakeholders using the API will need, at a
minimum, to be able to request a loan be assigned to a facility, and read the
funding status of a loan, as well as query the capacities remaining in facilities.
A:
loans endpoint:
GET loans/{id}
POST loans/{id}
    data: facility_id
GET loans/{id}/status

facilities endpoint:
GET facilities/{id}
GET facilities/{id}/capacities

5. How might you improve your assignment algorithm if you were permitted to
assign loans in batch rather than streaming? We are not looking for code here,
but pseudo code or description of a revised algorithm appreciated.
A: Instead of optimizing lower facility interest rates per loan, we would want
to do this for the entire batch of loans. One of the ways would be to group
loans based on state and default_likelihood and then by the loan amount.
Grouping by state and default_likelihood can help eliminate ineligible
facilities quickly. Once that is done, we could try funding lower amount loans
with higher interest rate facilities and higher amount loans with lower interest
rate facilities to keep overall interest amount we pay the banks to the minimum.

6. Discuss your solution’s runtime complexity.
A: The worst case runtime complexity is O(mn) where,
m = number of facilities,
n = number of covenants per facility

The best case runtime complexity is O(n) where,
n = number of facilities,
when each facility has only one covenant
